Authentication filters (#137)
ba-st/Stargate: docs/reference/AuthenticationFilters.md

# Authentication Filters

Authentication filters are useful for adding credential checks to some specific
routes in the API or the whole API.

There are two flavour of filters implemented:

- `JWTBearerAuthenticationFilter` will check the `Authorization` header for a
  Bearer token, and will verify if it's valid against the key and algorithm
  provided to the filter. If the validation is successful it will also make
  available through the `requestContext` the set of permissions encoded in the
  JWT.
- `ZnAuthenticationFilter` is an adapter over `ZnBasicAuthenticator` instances

>   so it can be used as authentication filters in the library. This adapter will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  so it can be used as authentication filter in the library. This adapter will
```

  send `isRequestAuthenticated:` to the authenticator to verify the authentication
  status.

> In any case, if the credentials are invalid the request is responded with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In any case, if the credentials are invalid the request responds with a
```
